cloud: added query data (#11909)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md

    If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **Source file name** field. In this case, check whether there are any typos in the **Source file name** field and try again.

> 8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner. You can use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data.

Author: ```suggestion
8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data.
```

> 8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data.

Author: ```suggestion
8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data. For a Serverless Tier cluster, because it only supports importing to one target table, you need to write a sample query SQL statement, for example, `SELECT * FROM db_name.table_name`.
```

> 8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data. For a Serverless Tier cluster, because it only supports importing to one target table, you need to write a sample query SQL statement, for example, `SELECT * FROM db_name.table_name`.

Reviewer: After the data import task is complete.  On the **Import Task Details** page,  ....

> 8. On the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data. For a Serverless Tier cluster, because it only supports importing to one target table, you need to write a sample query SQL statement, for example, `SELECT * FROM db_name.table_name`.

Author: ```suggestion
8. After the data import task is complete, on the **Import Task Details** page, you can click **Query Data** in the upper-right corner, and then use [**Chat2Query**](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-2-try-chat2query-beta) to write SQL statements to query the imported data. 
```
